pythagorean-triplet: add test template (#2062)
exercism/python: exercises/pythagorean-triplet/.meta/hints.md

> *NOTE*: The description above mentions mathematical sets, but also that a Pythagorean Triplet {a, b, c} _must_ be ordered such that a < b < c (ascending order). This makes Python's `set` type unsuited to this exercise, since it is an inherently unordered container. Therefore please return a list of lists instead (ie `[[a, b, c]]`). You can generate the triplets themselves in whatever order you would like, as the enclosing list's order will be ignored in the tests.

Reviewer: I'm gonna be a stickler on the punctuation for this one.

```suggestion
*NOTE*: The description above mentions mathematical sets, but also that a Pythagorean Triplet {a, b, c} _must_ be ordered such that a < b < c (ascending order). This makes Python's `set` type unsuited to this exercise, since it is an inherently unordered container. Therefore please return a list of lists instead (i.e. `[[a, b, c]]`). You can generate the triplets themselves in whatever order you would like, as the enclosing list's order will be ignored in the tests.
```

Author: Good catch, I'll fix the punctuation.
